>> Steve Kinney: So
we did this before with the counter.
What we want to do is we want to,
we're gonna need a list plural
container and a list container, right?
We have those IDs, and
we have that like individual like one.
And so what we'll do is
create those two components,
and then we'll kind of flush them out.
So this will be inside of containers.
I'll make a Lists, plural, Container, and
we'll make a List, singular, Container.
>> Steve Kinney: Great.
Now in the ListsContainer,
we already have the actual component.
We don't need to write anything ourselves.
So we'll pull in connect from React-Redux,
we'll pull in that Lists component.
>> Steve Kinney: So I have a components
directory and a containers directory.
[INAUDIBLE] to go into components/Lists.
And now, okay, what do we wanna do?
We know that there's gonna be cards,
we know that there's going to be users,
we know that there's gonna be all
this stuff on the state tree.
What does Lists actually care about?
It cares about just the lists [LAUGH].
And it doesn't even care about,
like the Lists plural doesn't
even care about the data.
It just needs to know,
what are the IDs of this list, and
then the individual list will be able
to figure it out, like, what list?
So what we're able to do here is,
we'll just make a mapStateToProps.
>> Steve Kinney: Function that's
gonna take all of our state.
Like that's going to be cards, it's going
to be users, it's going to be everything.
And it's going to return a new
object which is just the list.
That's gonna be state.lists.ids, right,
so it's just gonna get that array of IDs.
What this means is that since that array
is not going to change, like we don't,
we're not going to implement
the ability to like rename a list.
But that would make us
make a new array of lists.
And then it would, like here,
that's not gonna change any IDs,
which will save us a bunch of work.
So we'll make that.
And all we have to do is export default.
I will take that mapStateToProps.
I will take that Lists component.
And now we have this list
container that's automatically,
we can put it anywhere we
want in our application.
It doesn't care about
the component hierarchy,
it doesn't matter with any of that stuff.
We take that List container component,
pop it wherever we want.
It is hooked up to Redux.
It will have the correct state.
We don't have to worry about any prop
drilling or anything along those lines.
So let's go ahead and let's swap out
the Lists for the ListsContainer.
So go to application.
So instead of Lists, we're gonna do Lists.
The one thing you will catch me do, and
someone needs to be on the hook for
this, is I will forget.
First of all,
I'm writing in the wrong file.
And then, I did export default, cool.
So we'll export default.
But I will forget to export
default at some point.
This ListsContainer,
we'll get rid of the Lists.
>> Steve Kinney: Now,
that's just gonna be an array of IDs.
It's not gonna get us
all the way there yet.
As we can see,
it's going through the list.cards,
cuz the ID's don't have a cards on it.
So we need to get
the individual list working.
This is gonna involve
a slightly new concept for us.
Because we're gonna receive a prop
that is telling us which list.
Cuz while we have an array of IDs,
we've got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6.
If we need to go ahead and figure out
which list, then we're gonna need to like
take that prop that get passed in and
then do it in mapStateToProps.
So let's do that real fast.
So we'll go and
we'll create that single List.
>> Steve Kinney: Container.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we will import connect
from react-redux.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
import that individual List.
>> Steve Kinney: So mapStateToProps.
Here's a new concept for us.
We need to figure out, all right,
so the props that this receives.
We'll figure out which
list we need to grab.
So it turns out mapStateToProps
takes a second argument.
>> Steve Kinney: It takes
the entire state tree,
and it takes this thing called ownProps.
These are the properties passed to
the container when you use it, right?
So this is going to be in this case the ID
of the list that we're looking for.
So here we'll say return.
And we'll say, given list will be
state.lists, we have that entities.
And it will be ownProps.listId.
So as long as we pass a listId as
a prop to this List singular container,
it will go and figure out the right one.
We don't have to worry
about any of that stuff.
And then all we need to do is export
default that mapStateToProps.
Cool.
And now in our list, we'll just swap
this out for the list container.
>> Steve Kinney: This will
actually be a list ID now.
>> Steve Kinney: We're gonna take out
this move card to List for a second,
cuz it's still looking for the rest of
that, which we'll have to implement.
So we'll go ahead in a given.
>> Steve Kinney: Card, and
just comment this one out.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so
you can see we have all of our lists.
It's got some notion of cards.
Right, but we had the same
problem that we had before,
which is then trying to get
more properties off of that.
So all of our lists exist,
you can see that they're the right lists.
Because if we look, we have the IDs
list just has the array IDs,
it's creating lists,
it's passing that ID in.
And then Redux is doing all the work
to find out the data from that list.
And creating the List singular component,
all right?